refactor: switch `zetaclient` to confirmation params; unify inbound observation as block range based (#3496)
zeta-chain/node: changelog.md

### Refactor

* [3381](https://github.com/zeta-chain/node/pull/3381) - split Bitcoin observer and signer into small files and organize outbound logic into reusable/testable functions; renaming, type unification, etc.

> * [3496](https://github.com/zeta-chain/node/pull/3496) - zetaclient uses `ConfirmationParams` in stead of old `ConfirmationCount`; use block ranged based observation for btc and evm chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [3496](https://github.com/zeta-chain/node/pull/3496) - zetaclient uses `ConfirmationParams` instead of old `ConfirmationCount`; use block ranged based observation for btc and evm chain.
```
